always tried to mice columns that are
actually in this show because it's a
great guarantee to how fresh they are
now to open up in Scala it's quite easy
you get your knife and you push that for
that tiny little gap and just twist and
once you've opened a shell get the top
of the knife and just slide against the
top of the shell and look what happens
the shell comes up there you go now the
only piece of the Scarlet we're
interested in is this white part here
slide your thumb down the muscle and pop
it out of its skirt this orange beak the
coral is called I don't really like
cooking with him because they taste of
nothing and they get very rubbery it's
not worth it get rid of the orange part
and just cook that nice white pearl the
easiest way to cut skull up in half is
look at this flat bit here and then just
find out halfway and what that does if
you're halfway there it cuts the scallop
exactly into half look how fresh they
are they're still moving they're still
pulsating that's the only way to eat
scallops open up in your hand like that
yeah and then in the seasoning here
we've got half curry powder half salt
and when you season always season from a
height so it spreads across it okay
let's go full scallops into the pan it's
columns in 12 o'clock that's it there
you go
by time you get down to 6 o'clock we
know exactly where to turn this done
okay off the heat watch and turn yes
good look how fresh these cups are let's
go unless olive oil in there next time
you know what are you doing now time
we're actually boiling the scholar as
opposed to so tangy okay yes yeah back
on the heat come on you loosen the heat
in the pan right stop stop stop stop
tell me the difference we know scholars
know scallops there unless cook come on
then I want to start again get them in
the bin and start again
I can't serve two functions nicely done
I'm to portioned up being boiled now
turn around and work together look at it
yes take your time I'm serving the
scallops on a delicious cauliflower
puree
they're cooking butter for about two to
three minutes but they go nice and soft
and then we're gonna add some milk and
what the milk does it actually helps you
the pureed really nice and vibrant white
now as that milk starts to boil we're
gonna finish it with a touch of cream
and now we're gonna cook that out BAM
another three or four minutes and then
puree it's really important to blend
this when it's really nice and hot so
therefore the hotter it is the finer it
becomes if you leave it to cool down
then you'll get lumps to it so make sure
that you always blend it when it's hot
okay
now look what's inside this really nice
rich creamy smooth cauliflower puree
that will beat cauliflower cheese any
day how many stars you got per portion
six per portion today good watch watch
me cauliflower puree on then they kept a
raisin vinaigrette watch it's very
strong yeah it's very tasty very tangy
now we get the sweetness of the scallops
on there on top of cauliflower puree
presentation is crucial the less
elements in a dish the more important it
is to plate it up right right stop stop
there okay you're not listening to me
you going around the outside at play
again yeah there you put them on
x-column sit on top of the cauliflower
puree let's start again yeah third time
lucky and wait to really think about how
much money we're wasting and I want you
seriously to wake up and get a grip this
is the same table we're doing for the
third time yes yes chef this doesn't go
out properly what are you going home
don't worry about waiting to later oil
in the pan let's go dear oh dear just
drizzle that round there like that
now look at yours look at mine tell me
the difference you've gone out round the
rim of the plate customers don't want to
eat off the rim of the plate I mean next
time get it right okay clean the plate
let's go
you